# Response to Blumenstock 
Brody Mack 

January 27th, 2020
 Blumenstocks ideas of using technology to improve data development around the world is a great way to help improve the world whether it is from looking at arth from a satelite, to lower income areas of the worlds gaining more information from technology. In his promise, he describes how certain data groups can use certain algorithms to predict certain things such as match advertisements, credit scores, or data studies like how often make cross country calls or overall phone usage. When he describes the use of satelites, he describes how they use them to predict and show the difference of how low income and high income people live. For example, In Africa higher income families live in places that have thatched roofs while lower income families do not. These satelites can also be used to look at how amny crop are eficiently growing in fields which can link directly to other studies such as child malnutrition. Some of the pifalls are described in his thesis as points that can affect how data development will improve the world. These pitfalls do not appear to be negative but are more as setbacks. The only two pitfalls that could negatively impact data developmet are companies who use biased algorithms which will create false and bias information. The other one is the lack of regulation which if not handled properly will cause problems down the road such as just maximizing their own profits instead of using it to help.   
